README.md, before:

# EasyJournal

## 5-minute summaries of cool events in life

I've realized recently that I can be quite forgetful about day-to-day events. 
One solution to this would, of course, be to start writing in a journal or a
blog, but I've always found myself not really knowing how to start with a
journal. That's why I came up with **EasyJournal**.

**EasyJournal** streamlines the journaling process. Users can commemorate events
with just a few short categorizing selections, answers to pre-written 
questions, and a couple of images. The user will then be able to go into a 
calendar view and click into events logged on any day. They will also be able
to see statistics about some of their answers for all logged events. Finally, 
they will be able to generate a slideshow of all events from start to finish, 
as well as a slideshow of events that fit under a certain filter.

I envision this application to be for people who want to be able to remember 
aspects of their lives but are too lazy or busy to write full on journal 
entries every day.

Commit message:

Updated project description and added user stories

README.md, after:

# EasyJournal

## 5-minute summaries of cool events in life

I've realized recently that I can be quite forgetful about day-to-day events. 
One solution to this would, of course, be to start writing in a journal or a
blog, but I've always found myself not really knowing how to start with a
journal. That's why I came up with **EasyJournal**.

**EasyJournal** streamlines the journaling process. Users can commemorate events
with just a few short categorizing selections, answers to pre-written 
questions, and a couple of images. Each event will be recorded under a specific
day. The user will then be able to go into a calendar view and click into events 
logged on any day. They will also be able to see statistics about some of their 
answers for all logged events. Finally, they will be able to generate a 
slideshow of all events from start to finish, as well as a slideshow of events 
that fit under a certain filter.

I envision this application to be for people who want to be able to remember 
aspects of their lives but are too lazy or busy to write full on journal 
entries every day.

## User Stories
As a user, I want to be able to ...
- create a new event and record it in my journal under a specific day
- view a list of all events recorded that may or may not satisfy a filter
- enter a calendar view in which I can click into any day and see the events 
recorded under that day
- view a slideshow of all recorded events
- select an event from the past and add an "in hindsight" comment
- create my own tags and categorize events by my created tags
- create simple tags for friends/family and categorize events by which friends/
family members I experienced them with
- view statistics about my logged events at the aggregate level
